Add substrata Xresources colors (#3)
arzg/vim-substrata: README.md

A preset is included for iTerm.

## Xresources substrata theme

> If you want to use this theme, you can simply copy the content of `xresources/substrata.xresources` in your `~/.Xresources`. Otherwise, you can include it in your `~/.Xresources` by adding the following line to your configuration :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use this theme, you can simply copy the contents of `xresources/substrata.xresources` into your `~/.Xresources`. If you would like to keep the theme in a separate file, however, you could instead include it in your `~/.Xresources` by adding the following line:
```

> `#include "/path/to/substrata.xresources"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #include "/path/to/substrata.xresources"
```
